I told my dad to embrace his mistakes.He cried. Then he hugged my sister & me.
Neil Armstrong was the first human being on the moon. Neil A. backwards is Alien. Mind f*cked.
Question: What did one butt cheek say to the other? Answer: Together, we can stop this sh*t.
I put Jesus as my background pic & now my phone never dies. Yup, He's my screen-savior.
Husband: Honey, do u smell that? Wife: No. Husband: Yeah, me neither, start cooking.
What does women's underwear and nail polish have in common? They both come off with alcohol.
Question: What's the difference between a woman's argument and a knife? Answer: The knife has a point.
Election and Erection are spelled almost exactly the same. They both mean the same thing too. A dick rising to power.
My wife ran off with my best friend and man I sure miss him.
Question: What do Jedi use to view PDF files? Answer: Adobe Wan Kenobi
Q: What do you call a fight between film actors? A: Star wars!
Q: What is a jedi's favorite toy? A: A yo-yoda
Q: What is Jabba the Hutt's middle name? A: "The" 
Q: Who tries to be a Jedi? A: Obi-Wannabe
Q: What do you call stormtroopers playing Monopoly? A: Game of Clones
Escalators don’t break down… they just turn into stairs
“I’m sorry” and “I apologize” mean the same thing… except when you’re at a funeral.
I intend to live forever… or die trying. 
We never knew he was a drunk… until he showed up to work sober.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A blind man walks into a bar….And a table, and a chair.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he’s adopted?
Want to hear a pizza joke…. nah, it’s too cheesy.
What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I’m still working on that one. 
Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. 
Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it’s too lame.
I used to be in a band, we were called ‘lost dog’. You probably saw our posters.
I childproofed the house… but they still get in!
It’s always a long day, 86,400 won’t fit into a short.
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and benchmarks.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
A SQL query goes to a restaurant, walks up to 2 tables and says “Can I join you”?
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
Those 8 seconds really become so longer when you wait for "Skip" option button on video sharing site!
Photographer: My secret of success is? 'Think negative'!
It is better to be late than to arrive ugly!
My train of thought just ran off the track.
Yes, I do can take a joke. That just wasn't funny.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don’t have eyes.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn’t listen.
Love thy neighbor all through the day... but first make sure her husband's away!
Q: What do you call a girlfriend with an opinion? A: Wrong. 
Life keeps fucking you, but with no orgasm.
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
To err is human – and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
